Hello and welcome to the next section of the course in this section we're focusing on game design.
We're going to look at your game design document.
We're going to look at what makes your game stand apart from other games.
So you might already have a really good vision of this in your mind and you've been thinking for a long
time.
This is the game that I really want to make.
That's great.
You might be coming from the position of oh I don't know I haven't really thought about it.
That's cool as well.
This section is all about putting into it as much time and effort as you want take out of it as much
as you want.
And if you really just sort of you know checking it out a little bit and seeing what's going on not
a problem go through it at your own pace but it is a really great opportunity to get some early thinking
not to have your game design completely.
We can't do the whole thing in one go but just to have that early thinking about what is your game about.
There'll be other sections throughout the course where we talk about game design some more more into
the details of the game design.
But this is a good high level game design conversation.
We're also going to be talking a little bit about art design and art direction.
So generally what's your game about is what this section is about so let's jump in and get started.